adding example for running from branch (#38)
numba/numba-integration-testing: README.rst

  tested.
* Submit a pull-request on Github.

Testing a Branch or Pull-Request
================================

Normally, Numba is installed as a conda packge from https://anaconda.org using
a ``CondaSource`` configuration. Sometimes it can be useful to run the

> integration-testing from a branch or a pull-request however. The following

Reviewer: Perhaps put `However, ` at the start of the sentence and not at the end?

configuration demonstrates how to obtain the branch ``refactor_it``
from the Github fork at ``github.com/esc/numba``.

> Please be advised that you must mirror the tags of the blessed Numba

Reviewer: "blessed", whilst I know what you mean, I think `upstream` might be better?

repository at ``github.com/numba/numba`` to the desired fork in such cases.
This is because the Numba version is determined from the closest reachable
tag in the Git history so recent tags must be present for the build system
to accurately determine the Numba version. Otherwise you may end up with a

> nonsensical version number that is likely to confuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nonsensical version number that is likely to cause confusion.
```
